Respondent
Q1 - What kind of singing do you do? Tick all that apply
Q2 - What kinds of folk singing events do you attend? Tick all that apply - Selected Choice
Q2_8_TEXT - What kinds of folk singing events do you attend? Tick all that apply - Other, please describe - Text
Q3 - How many times have you been folk singing in the last four weeks?
Q4 - How old were you when you first took part in a folk singing event?
Q5 - Why did you choose to start folk singing?
Q6 - In general, do you prefer to sing
Q7 - In general, do you prefer to sing
Q8 - In general, do you prefer to sing
Q9 - In general, do you prefer to sing
Q10 - Please describe your ideal folk singing environment.
Q11_1 - How well do you think you sing when you take part in a folk singing event?
0 = I sing very badly 
10 = I sing excellently.
Q12 - How important to you is it that other people are good singers at folk singing events?
Q13 - How accepted do you feel when you sing at a folk singing event?
Q14 - What kind of relationships do you have with people you have met at folk singing events? Please tick all that apply - Selected Choice
Q14_6_TEXT - What kind of relationships do you have with people you have met at folk singing events? Please tick all that apply - Other, please describe - Text
Q15 - What other types of music events do you take part in? Please tick all that apply - Selected Choice
Q15_9_TEXT - What other types of music events do you take part in? Please tick all that apply - Other, please describe - Text
Q16 - Have you ever been involved in organising folk singing events as an organiser, promoter, volunteer or in another way?
Q17 - How have you been involved in organising folk singing events? Tick all that apply
Q20 - For how long did you / have you organised folk singing events?
Q21 - Have you organised non-folk music events as well? - Selected Choice
Q21_1_TEXT - Have you organised non-folk music events as well? - Yes, please describe - Text
Q22 - What motivates you to organise folk singing events?
Q23 - Have you ever actively tried to reach people who may not normally attend folk singing events?
Q24 - Please describe what you did and what impacts (if any) these actions had
Q25 - Have you ever actively tried to improve accessibility to your events? By “accessibility”, we mean removing barriers that might prevent disabled people from attending an event.
Q26 - Please describe how you tried to improve accessibility to your events and what impacts (if any) these actions had
Q27 - Which factors are important to you when you choose to sing a particular folk song? Please tick all that apply. - Selected Choice
Q27_9_TEXT - Which factors are important to you when you choose to sing a particular folk song? Please tick all that apply. - Other, please describe - Text
Q28 - You selected that the song's content connects you to a specific place. Please describe the place.
Q29 - You selected that you like to sing about a particular topic. Please describe the topic.
Q30 - You selected that the song's origin interests you. Please describe the types of origins that interest you.
Q31 - You selected that you connect with the song's political message. Please describe the political message that you connect with.
Q32 - Would you like to tell us anything about why you choose to sing particular songs?
Q33 - Have you ever heard a song at a folk singing event that you felt was inappropriate?
Q34 - If you feel comfortable doing so, please describe what you found inappropriate.
Q35 - Did you raise this with anyone at the event?
Q36 - What (if any) impact did this incident have on your own folk singing activity?
Q37 - Have you ever experienced any barriers to participating in a folk singing event? For example, something relating to mental or physical health that could not be accommodated, or feeling unwelcome due to your age, gender, sexuality or ethnicity?
Q38 - Please describe the barrier you experienced
Q39 - Are you aware of any attempts by the organisers of folk singing events you have attended to be more inclusive or increase accessibility to the event?
Q40 - Please describe what you noticed the organiser did to be more inclusive or increase accessibility to the event.
Q41 - Is there anything else you would like to tell us about your experiences relating to folk singing in England - in particular about community, identity or inclusion - that has not been covered in this survey?
Q44 - How old are you?
Q45 - What best describes your gender? - Selected Choice
Q45_6_TEXT - What best describes your gender? - In another way, please describe - Text
Q46 - How would you describe your sexual orientation? - Selected Choice
Q47 - What is the highest educational qualification you have obtained? - Selected Choice
Q48 - Which social class do you most identify with? - Selected Choice
Q49 - Do you live in the United Kingdom?
Q52 - How would you describe your national identity? - Selected Choice
Q53 - What best describes your ethnic group? - Selected Choice
Q54 - What is your religion, if any? - Selected Choice
Q55 - Are you currently practising this religion?
Q56 - Do you consider yourself to be d/Deaf or disabled, or do you have a long-term physical or mental health condition? (We will not ask you to identify any disability or health condition).
Q57 - If there was a general election tomorrow, which political party would you be most likely to support? - Selected Choice
Q58_1 - How politically engaged do you consider yourself to be?
0 = not politically engaged at all
10 = very politically engaged
